alright guys so look for another video
it's going to be pretty much about the
top five people that you turn heel or
face and the rest of the business right
now at this moment in time I'm going to
go with five this is often top of my
head usually I have a script they don't
have a script this time I'm going to go
with the Jerry Lawler Jerry Lawler Heath
to Terry he'll the raw now steam it's
just so boring right now you know back
back when you had a he'll face commented
really mesh well together and it was
just you know a lot more entertaining
even if the match wasn't that good at
least Lawler expelled entertainment we
know I never really liked junior you
know Lollar was always able to entertain
me he always thought that he was he was
a really good whenever he would argue
with that J or you know like he would
always be like on the side of the heel
and heart would always be on the face
and it was pretty just like one of my
favorite matches of all time is angle vs
add chair versus hair 2002 Judgment Day
and you see some good he'll face
commentary in that match you know
alright we go to number for another four
person okay I think should turn you
right now in the wrestling business is
Shawn Michaels people with beards should
be heels you look watch you look at
history Randy Savage had a beard Hulk
Hogan when you join the NWO had a beard
Oh Ted DiBiase had a beard countless
others have had beards okay not to
mention the heels with mustaches who
draws the yield with my sentence I could
go on for days that's another video for
other time another place
and another day Shawn Michaels needs to
turn heel he as good as a heel I think
that he could we could really benefit
from a heel like him right now now we
move on to number three number three but
he stopped stare stale needs to turn
heel whenever he was like evolutions
animal leading up the Royal Rumble 2005
his character was awesome he might not
been that great in the ring but he had
good character evolutions animal you
could believe it you know napa he just
comes out says it going to win he wins
you leave that's it it's over it's
stupid but the thing is when you have
someone who is stale boring usually
turning and heel or face helps what does
everybody want to have you with John
Cena everything turned emil and by the
way radius since you turned heel I don't
like your videos anymore you were my
hero and you just completely ruined it
for me okay I don't know okay okay
Batista needs a turn you lose that
number three alright we go to number
four sanjay dutt right now might not be
a good idea because they're in the
exhibition vs 3d view once that gets
cleared up Sanjay should definitely turn
heel I see some good stuff appears when
he wasn't heel and it works very well as
one and it just this gimmick is so it is
it just me or is it like Rocky Maivia I
mean it's just so I'm happy I'm happy
whoo
yay you know so I you know it'll gimmick
was so much better okay that was number
four ladies interval I know it stuttered
ladies and gentlemen I give you number 5
number 5 here we go number 5 is
christopher daniels and christopher
daniels is number 5 because mr. Daniels
is my favorite wrestler and why do you
like have to do that whenever I see
Christopher Daniels I don't know
Christopher Daniels is my favorite
wrestler he needs to turn face I might
have said he'll earlier he needs to turn
face when Christopher Daniels turns face
he needs to help out the X Division in
the team 3d versus X Division view
because when I think we need to do with
this thing is how people like Chris per
day Samoa Joe AJ Styles people that
certainly are not like little guys and
can definitely kick some heavyweight ass
into the X Division few because uh the
whole thing is 3d thinks that you know X
Division is just a bunch of little guys
it's not weight limits its nolan Samoa
Joe is in the X Division some old girl
would kick their ass all right how that
might have been not reason teaching
Terra heel but you know whatever all
right hope you liked the video you don't
unsubscribe to me and quit YouTube and
don't talk to me ever again see ya